1. What is software? what is Software Engineering?

   - Software is combination of instruction, information and Data.
   - Software engineering is detailed study of analusis, design, development, testing, and maintenance of Software.

2. Explain types of Software:

   -There is mainly five types of software

      1) System Software :  System Sfotware are designed to run a computers programs and hardware. It controls the operations of the computer  hardware and provides an platform to all the types of software to work in. -> Example of System Software is Operating System.


      2) Application Spftware :  Application Software is a computer software package that performs a specific function for a user, or in some cases, for another application. -> Example of Application software is Web Browsers, Graphic Spftware, Software Developments tools etc...


      3) Programming Software : Programming software's are used by programers to write codes in it. -> Example of Programming Software is Compilers, Assemblers, Debuggers and Intrerpreters.


      4) Driver Software : Driver Software also known as a Device Drivers. DEvice Drivers control the device and peripheral connected to a computer, enabling the, to perform their specific tasks. every device that is connected to a computer needs at least one device driver to function. -> Example of Driver Software is Key-Board, Mouse, Printer, USB etc... all this devices need an saperate software to wrok.

 
      5) Middleware Software :  Middleware software is a mediater software between application and software or between two different kinds of application software. as a example middleware enables MS Windows to talk to excel and word.

3. What is SDLC? Explain each phaser of SDLE.

   -SDLC known as a SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT LIFE CYCLE.
   -Software Development Lifes cycle refers to a methodology with clearly defined processes for creating high-quality software.
   -There are six phase of SDLC:-
      
      1) Planning
      2) Analysis
      3) Design
      4) Implementation
      5) Testing
      6) Maintenance.

          1 - Planning:       planning phase is all about what and which type of software client want. as a soft. developer we will gather the requirements of clients
                              like which type of software they want, who is going to use the system, what types of data should be input into the system, what type of 
                              data should be output by system, what will be the design etc. "AND YEAH DON'T FORGET TO DISSCUS ABOUT MONEY":)   

          2 - Analysis:       After requirment gathering these requirements are analyzed for their validity and the system to be development is also studied, inshort 
                              we'll make a BLUE PRINT of a Software.
    
          3 - Design:         Software design is prepared from the requirements specifications which were discuss in the planning phase. design should be user friendly.
                              System design helps in specifying hardware and system requirements and also helps in defining overall system architecture. The system
                              design specification server as input for the next phase of the model.

          4 - Implementation: On receiving system design documents, the work is divided in modules/units and actual coding is started. since, in this phase the code is 
                              produced so it is the main focus for the developer. this is the longest phase of the software development life cycle.

          5 - Testing:        After the code is developed it is tested  against the requirements to make sure that the product is actually solving the needs addressd and
                              gathere during the requirements phase. During this phase all types of functional testing like unit testing, integration testing, system testing,
                              acceptence testing are done as well as nonfunctional testing are also done.

         6 - Maintenance:     Once when the customers starts using the developed system then the actual problems comes up and needs to be solved from time to time. 
                              This process where the care is taken for the developed product is known as maintenance.
